[Music]
unexplained power outages continues
around the state of Nevada this week
leading many to blame the government
funded maize compound and more than
1,600 feet beneath the desert surface
the online facility has become infamous
for its top-secret research
prompting widespread speculation as to
the nature of their experiments and more
specifically the purpose of project
yellow sphere now though the White House
continues to decline any comment on the
comment itself leaked documents
routinely point to the development of
remote-controlled weapons technology
still others seem to indicate a focus on
a part official intelligence while
details remain few and far between one
fact remains undeniable whatever the
government is building it has never been
seen before
[Music]
SiC Depp's getting impatient doctor this
project sees you twice the federal
budget that passed six months
don't worry colonel I think you'll find
it's even more than that
got to be control
how's he feeling this morning all
systems nominal power levels at a
hundred percent
[Music]
Felix Dennis testing red loaded ready to
engage in five four three two Mays
engaging configuration level one
those aren't that you may be pilots I
sent you sorry colonel their pilots just
couldn't keep up with them
[Music]
inject the nano-polymer yes sir
nobody module boccaccio
[Music]
rendering sequence on my mark
hit it
okay guys
[Music]
good morning pac-man hell is that a
polymorphic autonomous compound
manipulator program to seek out catch
and consume the hazardous target at the
push of a button oil spills reactor
leaks he prefers cherries
[Music]
when can we test it we already are su
load the Spectrals on it
[Music]
[Applause]
everybody try to keep up
[Music]
but what do you think Colonel do we
finally change your mind doctor I think
you just changed everything
[Music]
you